replace slug of semgrep-cloud-platform with semgrep-appsec-platform (#1525)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-code/pro-rules.md

### Adding Semgrep Pro rules in CLI or CI

:::note Prerequisites

> For CLI users: You must be [logged in](/docs/getting-started/#logging-into-semgrep-appsec-platform).

Author: ```suggestion
For CLI users: You must be [logged in](/getting-started/cli#log-in-to-your-semgrep-account).

```
